MANIFEST.in
README.md
setup.py
rtsgame/App.py
rtsgame/MainMenu.py
rtsgame/__init__.py
rtsgame/client-shell.py
rtsgame.egg-info/PKG-INFO
rtsgame.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
rtsgame.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
rtsgame.egg-info/entry_points.txt
rtsgame.egg-info/not-zip-safe
rtsgame.egg-info/requires.txt
rtsgame.egg-info/top_level.txt
rtsgame/src/__init__.py
rtsgame/src/Client/Animation.py
rtsgame/src/Client/Camera.py
rtsgame/src/Client/EntitySprite.py
rtsgame/src/Client/Game.py
rtsgame/src/Client/HPBar.py
rtsgame/src/Client/MainWindow.py
rtsgame/src/Client/SIOServer.py
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprite.py
rtsgame/src/Client/TextWidget.py
rtsgame/src/Client/TextWindow.py
rtsgame/src/Client/TileSprite.py
rtsgame/src/Client/__init__.py
rtsgame/src/Client/HUD/Defence/Defence_Flash_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/HUD/Defence/Defence_Flash_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/HUD/Defence/Defence_Flash_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/HUD/Defence/Defence_Flash_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/HUD/Defence/Value/Defence_Value_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/HUD/Defence/Value/Defence_Value_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/HUD/Defence/Value/Defence_Value_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/HUD/Defence/Value/Defence_Value_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/HUD/Defence/Value/Defence_Value_4.png
rtsgame/src/Client/HUD/Defence/Value/Defence_Value_5.png
rtsgame/src/Client/HUD/HP/HP_Flash_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/HUD/HP/HP_Flash_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/HUD/HP/HP_Flash_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/HUD/HP/HP_Flash_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/HUD/HP/Value/HP_Value_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/HUD/HP/Value/HP_Value_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/HUD/HP/Value/HP_Value_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/HUD/HP/Value/HP_Value_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/HUD/HP/Value/HP_Value_4.png
rtsgame/src/Client/HUD/HP/Value/HP_Value_5.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Items/Axe/Axe_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Items/Axe/Axe_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Items/Axe/Axe_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Items/Axe/Axe_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Items/Defence/Defence_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Items/Defence/Defence_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Items/Defence/Defence_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Items/Defence/Defence_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Items/HP/HP_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Items/HP/HP_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Items/HP/HP_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Items/HP/HP_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Items/Scepter/Scepter_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Items/Scepter/Scepter_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Items/Scepter/Scepter_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Items/Scepter/Scepter_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Items/Special/Special_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Items/Special/Special_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Items/Special/Special_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Items/Special/Special_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Props/Barrel_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Props/Barrel_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Props/Barrel_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Props/Barrel_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Props/Doors/Door/Door_Close_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Props/Doors/Door/Door_Close_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Props/Doors/Door/Door_Close_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Props/Doors/Door/Door_Close_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Props/Doors/Door/Door_Open.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Props/Doors/Dungeon Master Door/DungeonMasterDoor_Close_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Props/Doors/Dungeon Master Door/DungeonMasterDoor_Close_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Props/Doors/Dungeon Master Door/DungeonMasterDoor_Close_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Props/Doors/Dungeon Master Door/DungeonMasterDoor_Close_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Props/Doors/Dungeon Master Door/DungeonMasterDoor_Open.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Props/Doors/Goblin Door/GoblinDoor_Close_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Props/Doors/Goblin Door/GoblinDoor_Close_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Props/Doors/Goblin Door/GoblinDoor_Close_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Props/Doors/Goblin Door/GoblinDoor_Close_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Props/Doors/Goblin Door/GoblinDoor_Open.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Props/Doors/Skeleton Door/SkeletonDoor_Close_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Props/Doors/Skeleton Door/SkeletonDoor_Close_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Props/Doors/Skeleton Door/SkeletonDoor_Close_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Props/Doors/Skeleton Door/SkeletonDoor_Close_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Props/Doors/Skeleton Door/SkeletonDoor_Open_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Props/Doors/Skeleton Door/SkeletonDoor_Open_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Props/Doors/Skeleton Door/SkeletonDoor_Open_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Props/Doors/Skeleton Door/SkeletonDoor_Open_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Props/Doors/Slime Door/SlimeDoor_Close_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Props/Doors/Slime Door/SlimeDoor_Close_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Props/Doors/Slime Door/SlimeDoor_Close_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Props/Doors/Slime Door/SlimeDoor_Close_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Props/Doors/Slime Door/SlimeDoor_Open_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Props/Doors/Slime Door/SlimeDoor_Open_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Props/Doors/Slime Door/SlimeDoor_Open_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Props/Doors/Slime Door/SlimeDoor_Open_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Dungeon Master/DungeonMaster_Death_00.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Dungeon Master/DungeonMaster_Death_01.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Dungeon Master/DungeonMaster_Death_02.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Dungeon Master/DungeonMaster_Death_03.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Dungeon Master/DungeonMaster_Death_04.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Dungeon Master/DungeonMaster_Death_05.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Dungeon Master/DungeonMaster_Death_06.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Dungeon Master/DungeonMaster_Death_07.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Dungeon Master/DungeonMaster_Death_08.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Dungeon Master/DungeonMaster_Death_09.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Dungeon Master/DungeonMaster_Death_10.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Dungeon Master/DungeonMaster_Death_11.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Dungeon Master/DungeonMaster_Walk_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Dungeon Master/DungeonMaster_Walk_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Dungeon Master/DungeonMaster_Walk_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Dungeon Master/DungeonMaster_Walk_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Dungeon Master/Projectile0/DungeonMaster_Blast_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Dungeon Master/Projectile0/DungeonMaster_Blast_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Dungeon Master/Projectile0/DungeonMaster_Blast_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Dungeon Master/Projectile0/DungeonMaster_Blast_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Dungeon Master/Projectile0/DungeonMaster_Projectile_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Dungeon Master/Projectile0/DungeonMaster_Projectile_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Dungeon Master/Projectile0/DungeonMaster_Projectile_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Dungeon Master/Projectile0/DungeonMaster_Projectile_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Dungeon Master/Projectile1/DungeonMaster_Blast_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Dungeon Master/Projectile1/DungeonMaster_Blast_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Dungeon Master/Projectile1/DungeonMaster_Blast_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Dungeon Master/Projectile1/DungeonMaster_Blast_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Dungeon Master/Projectile1/DungeonMaster_Projectile_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Dungeon Master/Projectile1/DungeonMaster_Projectile_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Dungeon Master/Projectile1/DungeonMaster_Projectile_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Dungeon Master/Projectile1/DungeonMaster_Projectile_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Dungeon Master/Projectile2/DungeonMaster_Blast_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Dungeon Master/Projectile2/DungeonMaster_Blast_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Dungeon Master/Projectile2/DungeonMaster_Blast_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Dungeon Master/Projectile2/DungeonMaster_Blast_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Dungeon Master/Projectile2/DungeonMaster_Projectile_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Dungeon Master/Projectile2/DungeonMaster_Projectile_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Dungeon Master/Projectile2/DungeonMaster_Projectile_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Dungeon Master/Projectile2/DungeonMaster_Projectile_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Goblin King/GoblinKing_Death_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Goblin King/GoblinKing_Death_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Goblin King/GoblinKing_Death_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Goblin King/GoblinKing_Death_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Goblin King/GoblinKing_Walk_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Goblin King/GoblinKing_Walk_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Goblin King/GoblinKing_Walk_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Goblin King/GoblinKing_Walk_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Goblin King/Projectile/GoblinKing_Blast_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Goblin King/Projectile/GoblinKing_Blast_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Goblin King/Projectile/GoblinKing_Blast_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Goblin King/Projectile/GoblinKing_Blast_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Goblin King/Projectile/GoblinKing_Projectile_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Goblin King/Projectile/GoblinKing_Projectile_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Goblin King/Projectile/GoblinKing_Projectile_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Goblin King/Projectile/GoblinKing_Projectile_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Skeleton King/SkeletonKing_Death_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Skeleton King/SkeletonKing_Death_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Skeleton King/SkeletonKing_Death_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Skeleton King/SkeletonKing_Death_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Skeleton King/SkeletonKing_Obstacle_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Skeleton King/SkeletonKing_Obstacle_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Skeleton King/SkeletonKing_Obstacle_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Skeleton King/SkeletonKing_Obstacle_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Skeleton King/SkeletonKing_Ostacle_Death_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Skeleton King/SkeletonKing_Ostacle_Death_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Skeleton King/SkeletonKing_Ostacle_Death_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Skeleton King/SkeletonKing_Ostacle_Death_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Skeleton King/SkeletonKing_Walk_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Skeleton King/SkeletonKing_Walk_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Skeleton King/SkeletonKing_Walk_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Skeleton King/SkeletonKing_Walk_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Slime King/SlimeKing_Death_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Slime King/SlimeKing_Death_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Slime King/SlimeKing_Death_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Slime King/SlimeKing_Death_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Slime King/SlimeKing_Obstacle_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Slime King/SlimeKing_Obstacle_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Slime King/SlimeKing_Obstacle_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Slime King/SlimeKing_Obstacle_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Slime King/SlimeKing_Obstacle_Death_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Slime King/SlimeKing_Obstacle_Death_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Slime King/SlimeKing_Obstacle_Death_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Slime King/SlimeKing_Obstacle_Death_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Slime King/SlimeKing_Walk_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Slime King/SlimeKing_Walk_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Slime King/SlimeKing_Walk_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Bosses/Slime King/SlimeKing_Walk_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Enemy/Enemy_Attack_Special_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Enemy/Enemy_Attack_Special_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Enemy/Enemy_Attack_Special_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Enemy/Enemy_Attack_Special_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Enemy/Enemy_Idle_Special_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Enemy/Enemy_Idle_Special_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Enemy/Enemy_Idle_Special_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Enemy/Enemy_Idle_Special_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Enemy/Enemy_Walk_Special_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Enemy/Enemy_Walk_Special_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Enemy/Enemy_Walk_Special_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Enemy/Enemy_Walk_Special_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Monsters/Goblin/Variant0/Goblin_Death_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Monsters/Goblin/Variant0/Goblin_Death_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Monsters/Goblin/Variant0/Goblin_Death_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Monsters/Goblin/Variant0/Goblin_Death_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Monsters/Goblin/Variant0/Goblin_Walk_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Monsters/Goblin/Variant0/Goblin_Walk_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Monsters/Goblin/Variant0/Goblin_Walk_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Monsters/Goblin/Variant0/Goblin_Walk_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Monsters/Goblin/Variant1/Goblin_Death_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Monsters/Goblin/Variant1/Goblin_Death_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Monsters/Goblin/Variant1/Goblin_Death_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Monsters/Goblin/Variant1/Goblin_Death_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Monsters/Goblin/Variant1/Goblin_Walk_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Monsters/Goblin/Variant1/Goblin_Walk_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Monsters/Goblin/Variant1/Goblin_Walk_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Monsters/Goblin/Variant1/Goblin_Walk_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Monsters/Skeleton/Variant0/Skeleton_Death_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Monsters/Skeleton/Variant0/Skeleton_Death_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Monsters/Skeleton/Variant0/Skeleton_Death_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Monsters/Skeleton/Variant0/Skeleton_Death_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Monsters/Skeleton/Variant0/Skeleton_Walk_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Monsters/Skeleton/Variant0/Skeleton_Walk_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Monsters/Skeleton/Variant0/Skeleton_Walk_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Monsters/Skeleton/Variant0/Skeleton_Walk_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Monsters/Skeleton/Variant1/Skeleton_Death_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Monsters/Skeleton/Variant1/Skeleton_Death_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Monsters/Skeleton/Variant1/Skeleton_Death_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Monsters/Skeleton/Variant1/Skeleton_Death_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Monsters/Skeleton/Variant1/Skeleton_Walk_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Monsters/Skeleton/Variant1/Skeleton_Walk_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Monsters/Skeleton/Variant1/Skeleton_Walk_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Monsters/Skeleton/Variant1/Skeleton_Walk_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Monsters/Slime/Variant0/Slime_Death_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Monsters/Slime/Variant0/Slime_Death_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Monsters/Slime/Variant0/Slime_Death_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Monsters/Slime/Variant0/Slime_Death_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Monsters/Slime/Variant0/Slime_Walk_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Monsters/Slime/Variant0/Slime_Walk_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Monsters/Slime/Variant0/Slime_Walk_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Monsters/Slime/Variant0/Slime_Walk_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Monsters/Slime/Variant1/Slime_Death_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Monsters/Slime/Variant1/Slime_Death_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Monsters/Slime/Variant1/Slime_Death_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Monsters/Slime/Variant1/Slime_Death_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Monsters/Slime/Variant1/Slime_Walk_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Monsters/Slime/Variant1/Slime_Walk_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Monsters/Slime/Variant1/Slime_Walk_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Monsters/Slime/Variant1/Slime_Walk_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Player_Death_Axe_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Player_Death_Axe_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Player_Death_Axe_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Player_Death_Axe_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence0/Player_Attack_Axe_Defence0_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence0/Player_Attack_Axe_Defence0_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence0/Player_Attack_Axe_Defence0_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence0/Player_Attack_Axe_Defence0_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence0/Player_Idle_Axe_Defence0_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence0/Player_Idle_Axe_Defence0_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence0/Player_Idle_Axe_Defence0_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence0/Player_Idle_Axe_Defence0_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence0/Player_Walk_Axe_Defence0_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence0/Player_Walk_Axe_Defence0_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence0/Player_Walk_Axe_Defence0_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence0/Player_Walk_Axe_Defence0_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence1/Player_Attack_Axe_Defence1_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence1/Player_Attack_Axe_Defence1_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence1/Player_Attack_Axe_Defence1_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence1/Player_Attack_Axe_Defence1_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence1/Player_Idle_Axe_Defence1_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence1/Player_Idle_Axe_Defence1_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence1/Player_Idle_Axe_Defence1_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence1/Player_Idle_Axe_Defence1_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence1/Player_Walk_Axe_Defence1_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence1/Player_Walk_Axe_Defence1_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence1/Player_Walk_Axe_Defence1_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence1/Player_Walk_Axe_Defence1_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence2/Player_Attack_Axe_Defence2_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence2/Player_Attack_Axe_Defence2_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence2/Player_Attack_Axe_Defence2_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence2/Player_Attack_Axe_Defence2_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence2/Player_Idle_Axe_Defence2_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence2/Player_Idle_Axe_Defence2_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence2/Player_Idle_Axe_Defence2_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence2/Player_Idle_Axe_Defence2_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence2/Player_Walk_Axe_Defence2_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence2/Player_Walk_Axe_Defence2_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence2/Player_Walk_Axe_Defence2_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence2/Player_Walk_Axe_Defence2_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence3/Player_Attack_Axe_Defence3_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence3/Player_Attack_Axe_Defence3_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence3/Player_Attack_Axe_Defence3_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence3/Player_Attack_Axe_Defence3_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence3/Player_Idle_Axe_Defence3_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence3/Player_Idle_Axe_Defence3_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence3/Player_Idle_Axe_Defence3_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence3/Player_Idle_Axe_Defence3_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence3/Player_Walk_Axe_Defence3_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence3/Player_Walk_Axe_Defence3_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence3/Player_Walk_Axe_Defence3_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence3/Player_Walk_Axe_Defence3_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence4/Player_Attack_Axe_Defence4_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence4/Player_Attack_Axe_Defence4_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence4/Player_Attack_Axe_Defence4_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence4/Player_Attack_Axe_Defence4_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence4/Player_Idle_Axe_Defence4_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence4/Player_Idle_Axe_Defence4_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence4/Player_Idle_Axe_Defence4_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence4/Player_Idle_Axe_Defence4_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence4/Player_Walk_Axe_Defence4_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence4/Player_Walk_Axe_Defence4_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence4/Player_Walk_Axe_Defence4_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Axe/Defence4/Player_Walk_Axe_Defence4_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Player_Death_Scepter_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Player_Death_Scepter_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Player_Death_Scepter_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Player_Death_Scepter_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence0/Player_Attack_Scepter_Defence0_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence0/Player_Attack_Scepter_Defence0_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence0/Player_Attack_Scepter_Defence0_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence0/Player_Attack_Scepter_Defence0_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence0/Player_Idle_Scepter_Defence0_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence0/Player_Idle_Scepter_Defence0_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence0/Player_Idle_Scepter_Defence0_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence0/Player_Idle_Scepter_Defence0_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence0/Player_Walk_Scepter_Defence0_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence0/Player_Walk_Scepter_Defence0_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence0/Player_Walk_Scepter_Defence0_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence0/Player_Walk_Scepter_Defence0_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence1/Player_Attack_Scepter_Defence1_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence1/Player_Attack_Scepter_Defence1_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence1/Player_Attack_Scepter_Defence1_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence1/Player_Attack_Scepter_Defence1_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence1/Player_Idle_Scepter_Defence1_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence1/Player_Idle_Scepter_Defence1_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence1/Player_Idle_Scepter_Defence1_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence1/Player_Idle_Scepter_Defence1_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence1/Player_Walk_Scepter_Defence1_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence1/Player_Walk_Scepter_Defence1_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence1/Player_Walk_Scepter_Defence1_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence1/Player_Walk_Scepter_Defence1_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence2/Player_Attack_Scepter_Defence2_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence2/Player_Attack_Scepter_Defence2_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence2/Player_Attack_Scepter_Defence2_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence2/Player_Attack_Scepter_Defence2_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence2/Player_Idle_Scepter_Defence2_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence2/Player_Idle_Scepter_Defence2_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence2/Player_Idle_Scepter_Defence2_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence2/Player_Idle_Scepter_Defence2_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence2/Player_Walk_Scepter_Defence2_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence2/Player_Walk_Scepter_Defence2_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence2/Player_Walk_Scepter_Defence2_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence2/Player_Walk_Scepter_Defence2_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence3/Player_Attack_Scepter_Defence3_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence3/Player_Attack_Scepter_Defence3_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence3/Player_Attack_Scepter_Defence3_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence3/Player_Attack_Scepter_Defence3_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence3/Player_Idle_Scepter_Defence3_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence3/Player_Idle_Scepter_Defence3_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence3/Player_Idle_Scepter_Defence3_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence3/Player_Idle_Scepter_Defence3_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence3/Player_Walk_Scepter_Defence3_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence3/Player_Walk_Scepter_Defence3_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence3/Player_Walk_Scepter_Defence3_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence3/Player_Walk_Scepter_Defence3_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence4/Player_Attack_Scepter_Defence4_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence4/Player_Attack_Scepter_Defence4_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence4/Player_Attack_Scepter_Defence4_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence4/Player_Attack_Scepter_Defence4_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence4/Player_Idle_Scepter_Defence4_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence4/Player_Idle_Scepter_Defence4_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence4/Player_Idle_Scepter_Defence4_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence4/Player_Idle_Scepter_Defence4_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence4/Player_Walk_Scepter_Defence4_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence4/Player_Walk_Scepter_Defence4_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence4/Player_Walk_Scepter_Defence4_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Defence4/Player_Walk_Scepter_Defence4_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Projectile/Player_Blast_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Projectile/Player_Blast_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Projectile/Player_Blast_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Projectile/Player_Blast_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Projectile/Player_Projectile_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Projectile/Player_Projectile_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Projectile/Player_Projectile_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Scepter/Projectile/Player_Projectile_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Special/Player_Attack_Special_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Special/Player_Attack_Special_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Special/Player_Attack_Special_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Special/Player_Attack_Special_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Special/Player_Death_Special_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Special/Player_Death_Special_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Special/Player_Death_Special_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Special/Player_Death_Special_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Special/Player_Idle_Special_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Special/Player_Idle_Special_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Special/Player_Idle_Special_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Special/Player_Idle_Special_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Special/Player_Walk_Special_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Special/Player_Walk_Special_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Special/Player_Walk_Special_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Special/Player_Walk_Special_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Player_Death_Sword_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Player_Death_Sword_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Player_Death_Sword_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Player_Death_Sword_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence0/Player_Attack_Sword_Defence0_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence0/Player_Attack_Sword_Defence0_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence0/Player_Attack_Sword_Defence0_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence0/Player_Attack_Sword_Defence0_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence0/Player_Idle_Sword_Defence0_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence0/Player_Idle_Sword_Defence0_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence0/Player_Idle_Sword_Defence0_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence0/Player_Idle_Sword_Defence0_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence0/Player_Walk_Sword_Defence0_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence0/Player_Walk_Sword_Defence0_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence0/Player_Walk_Sword_Defence0_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence0/Player_Walk_Sword_Defence0_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence1/Player_Attack_Sword_Defence1_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence1/Player_Attack_Sword_Defence1_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence1/Player_Attack_Sword_Defence1_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence1/Player_Attack_Sword_Defence1_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence1/Player_Idle_Sword_Defence1_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence1/Player_Idle_Sword_Defence1_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence1/Player_Idle_Sword_Defence1_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence1/Player_Idle_Sword_Defence1_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence1/Player_Walk_Sword_Defence1_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence1/Player_Walk_Sword_Defence1_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence1/Player_Walk_Sword_Defence1_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence1/Player_Walk_Sword_Defence1_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence2/Player_Attack_Sword_Defence2_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence2/Player_Attack_Sword_Defence2_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence2/Player_Attack_Sword_Defence2_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence2/Player_Attack_Sword_Defence2_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence2/Player_Idle_Sword_Defence2_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence2/Player_Idle_Sword_Defence2_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence2/Player_Idle_Sword_Defence2_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence2/Player_Idle_Sword_Defence2_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence2/Player_Walk_Sword_Defence2_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence2/Player_Walk_Sword_Defence2_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence2/Player_Walk_Sword_Defence2_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence2/Player_Walk_Sword_Defence2_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence3/Player_Attack_Sword_Defence3_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence3/Player_Attack_Sword_Defence3_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence3/Player_Attack_Sword_Defence3_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence3/Player_Attack_Sword_Defence3_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence3/Player_Idle_Sword_Defence3_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence3/Player_Idle_Sword_Defence3_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence3/Player_Idle_Sword_Defence3_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence3/Player_Idle_Sword_Defence3_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence3/Player_Walk_Sword_Defence3_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence3/Player_Walk_Sword_Defence3_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence3/Player_Walk_Sword_Defence3_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence3/Player_Walk_Sword_Defence3_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence4/Player_Attack_Sword_Defence4_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence4/Player_Attack_Sword_Defence4_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence4/Player_Attack_Sword_Defence4_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence4/Player_Attack_Sword_Defence4_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence4/Player_Idle_Sword_Defence4_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence4/Player_Idle_Sword_Defence4_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence4/Player_Idle_Sword_Defence4_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence4/Player_Idle_Sword_Defence4_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence4/Player_Walk_Sword_Defence4_0.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence4/Player_Walk_Sword_Defence4_1.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence4/Player_Walk_Sword_Defence4_2.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Sprites/Player/Sword/Defence4/Player_Walk_Sword_Defence4_3.png
rtsgame/src/Client/Textures/wall.png
rtsgame/src/Client/UI/Widget.py
rtsgame/src/Client/UI/Window.py
rtsgame/src/Client/UI/__init__.py
rtsgame/src/Server/ActionBuilder.py
rtsgame/src/Server/AnimationSystem.py
rtsgame/src/Server/DamageSystem.py
rtsgame/src/Server/EnemyFactory.py
rtsgame/src/Server/Entity.py
rtsgame/src/Server/GeometrySystem.py
rtsgame/src/Server/Logic.py
rtsgame/src/Server/Map.py
rtsgame/src/Server/Server.py
rtsgame/src/Server/SpawnSystem.py
rtsgame/src/Server/Visitor.py
rtsgame/src/Server/WorldState.py
rtsgame/src/Server/__init__.py
rtsgame/src/utility/__init__.py
rtsgame/src/utility/client_config.py
rtsgame/src/utility/constants.py
rtsgame/src/utility/utilities.py
rtsgame/src/utility/animations/melee_animations.json
rtsgame/src/utility/animations/player1_animations.json
rtsgame/src/utility/animations/player2_animations.json
rtsgame/src/utility/difficulties/easy.json
rtsgame/tests/__init__.py
rtsgame/tests/test_logic_benchmark.py
rtsgame/tests/test_logic_unit_tests.py
rtsgame/tests/test_server_client.py
rtsgame/tests/test_visitor_unit_tests.py
rtsgame/tests/test_world_unit_tests.py