update
******


Description
===========

Update kms key id for the specific volume.


Usage
=====

   oci bv volume-kms-key update [OPTIONS]


Options
=======


--volume-id [text]
------------------

The OCID of the volume. [required]


--kms-key-id [text]
-------------------

The new kms key which will be used to protect the specific volume.
This key has to be a valid kms key ocid, and user must have key
delegation policy to allow them to access this key. Even if this new
kms key is the same as the previous kms key id, block storage service
will use it to regenerate a new volume encryption key. Example:
*{"kmsKeyId": "ocid1.key.region1.sea.afnl2n7daag4s.abzwkljs6uevhlgczn
hmh7oiatyrxngrywc3tje3uk3g77hzmewqiieuk75f"}*


--if-match [text]
-----------------

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the *if-match* parameter to the value of the etag from a
previous GET or POST response for that resource.  The resource will be
updated or deleted only if the etag you provide matches the resource's
current etag value.


--from-json [text]
------------------

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The --generate-full-command-json-input option can be used to generate
a sample json file to be used with this command option. The key names
are pre-populated and match the command option names (converted to
camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id --> compartmentId), while the
values of the keys need to be populated by the user before using the
sample file as an input to this command. For any command option that
accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions


-?, -h, --help
--------------

For detailed help on any of these individual commands, enter <command>
--help.
