.build.info
.cookiecutterrc
.editorconfig
.pylintrc
.travis.yml
AUTHORS.rst
CHANGELOG.rst
CONTRIBUTING.rst
LICENSE
MANIFEST.in
README.rst
appveyor.yml
setup.cfg
setup.py
tox.ini
.vscode/settings.json
ci/appveyor-bootstrap.ps1
ci/appveyor-download.py
ci/appveyor-with-compiler.cmd
ci/bootstrap.py
ci/templates/.travis.yml
ci/templates/appveyor.yml
ci/templates/tox.ini
docs/authors.rst
docs/changelog.rst
docs/conf.py
docs/contributing.rst
docs/docutils.conf
docs/favicon.ico
docs/index.rst
docs/installation.rst
docs/logo.png
docs/readme.rst
docs/requirements.txt
docs/spelling_wordlist.txt
docs/examples/__init__.py
docs/examples/alphas.ipynb
docs/examples/area_calcs.ipynb
docs/examples/characterisation.rst
docs/examples/database.ipynb
docs/examples/dr_da_plots.ipynb
docs/examples/henryc.ipynb
docs/examples/iast.ipynb
docs/examples/import.ipynb
docs/examples/index.rst
docs/examples/initialenthalpy.ipynb
docs/examples/inspection.ipynb
docs/examples/isostericenthalpy.ipynb
docs/examples/modelling.ipynb
docs/examples/novel.png
docs/examples/parsing.ipynb
docs/examples/plotting.ipynb
docs/examples/psd.ipynb
docs/examples/quickstart.ipynb
docs/examples/test.png
docs/examples/tplot.ipynb
docs/examples/data/carbon_x1_n2.json
docs/examples/data/isotherm.json
docs/examples/data/calorimetry/HKUST-1(Cu) KRICT.json
docs/examples/data/calorimetry/Takeda 5A Test CO2.json
docs/examples/data/calorimetry/data.csv
docs/examples/data/calorimetry/header.csv
docs/examples/data/characterisation/MCM-41 N2 77.355.json
docs/examples/data/characterisation/NaY N2 77.355.json
docs/examples/data/characterisation/SiO2 N2 77.355.json
docs/examples/data/characterisation/Takeda 5A N2 77.355.json
docs/examples/data/characterisation/UiO-66(Zr) N2 77.355.json
docs/examples/data/database/Carbon X1.json
docs/examples/data/iast/MOF-5(Zn) - IAST - C2H6.json
docs/examples/data/iast/MOF-5(Zn) - IAST - CH4.json
docs/examples/data/isosteric/BAX 1500 - Isosteric Heat - 298.json
docs/examples/data/isosteric/BAX 1500 - Isosteric Heat - 323.json
docs/examples/data/isosteric/BAX 1500 - Isosteric Heat - 348.json
docs/examples/data/parsing/csv/HKUST-1(Cu) CO2 303.0.csv
docs/examples/data/parsing/csv/MCM-41 N2 77.0.csv
docs/examples/data/parsing/excel/HKUST-1(Cu) CO2 303.0.xls
docs/examples/data/parsing/excel/MCM-41 N2 77.0.xls
docs/examples/data/parsing/json/HKUST-1(Cu) CO2 303.0.json
docs/examples/data/parsing/json/MCM-41 N2 77.0.json
docs/examples/data/parsing/nist/nist_iso.json
docs/examples/data/parsing/special/bel/Sample_C.json
docs/examples/data/parsing/special/bel/Sample_C.xls
docs/examples/data/parsing/special/bel/Sample_D.json
docs/examples/data/parsing/special/bel/Sample_D.xls
docs/examples/data/parsing/special/bel/Sample_E.DAT
docs/examples/data/parsing/special/bel/Sample_E.json
docs/examples/data/parsing/special/mic/Sample_A.json
docs/examples/data/parsing/special/mic/Sample_A.xls
docs/examples/data/parsing/special/mic/Sample_B.json
docs/examples/data/parsing/special/mic/Sample_B.xls
docs/figures/db_schema.png
docs/figures/svp_graph.png
docs/figures/vle_graph.png
docs/files/isotherm.csv
docs/files/isotherm.json
docs/files/isotherm.xls
docs/manual/adsorbate.rst
docs/manual/characterisation.rst
docs/manual/dataparsing.rst
docs/manual/eqstate.rst
docs/manual/graphing.rst
docs/manual/iast.rst
docs/manual/index.rst
docs/manual/isotherm.rst
docs/manual/material.rst
docs/manual/modelling.rst
docs/manual/sqlitedb.rst
docs/manual/units.rst
docs/reference/calculations.rst
docs/reference/classes.rst
docs/reference/index.rst
docs/reference/interfaces.rst
docs/reference/models.rst
docs/reference/plotting.rst
docs/reference/utilities.rst
src/pygaps/__init__.py
src/pygaps/api.py
src/pygaps/data.py
src/pygaps.egg-info/PKG-INFO
src/pygaps.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
src/pygaps.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
src/pygaps.egg-info/not-zip-safe
src/pygaps.egg-info/requires.txt
src/pygaps.egg-info/top_level.txt
src/pygaps/calculations/__init__.py
src/pygaps/calculations/alphas.py
src/pygaps/calculations/area_bet.py
src/pygaps/calculations/area_langmuir.py
src/pygaps/calculations/dr_da_plots.py
src/pygaps/calculations/iast.py
src/pygaps/calculations/initial_enthalpy.py
src/pygaps/calculations/initial_henry.py
src/pygaps/calculations/isosteric_enthalpy.py
src/pygaps/calculations/models_hk.py
src/pygaps/calculations/models_kelvin.py
src/pygaps/calculations/models_thickness.py
src/pygaps/calculations/psd.py
src/pygaps/calculations/psd_dft.py
src/pygaps/calculations/psd_mesoporous.py
src/pygaps/calculations/psd_microporous.py
src/pygaps/calculations/tplot.py
src/pygaps/calculations/kernels/dft - N2 - carbon.csv
src/pygaps/calculations/models_isotherm/__init__.py
src/pygaps/calculations/models_isotherm/base_model.py
src/pygaps/calculations/models_isotherm/bet.py
src/pygaps/calculations/models_isotherm/da.py
src/pygaps/calculations/models_isotherm/dr.py
src/pygaps/calculations/models_isotherm/dslangmuir.py
src/pygaps/calculations/models_isotherm/fhvst.py
src/pygaps/calculations/models_isotherm/freundlich.py
src/pygaps/calculations/models_isotherm/gab.py
src/pygaps/calculations/models_isotherm/henry.py
src/pygaps/calculations/models_isotherm/jensenseaton.py
src/pygaps/calculations/models_isotherm/langmuir.py
src/pygaps/calculations/models_isotherm/quadratic.py
src/pygaps/calculations/models_isotherm/temkinapprox.py
src/pygaps/calculations/models_isotherm/toth.py
src/pygaps/calculations/models_isotherm/tslangmuir.py
src/pygaps/calculations/models_isotherm/virial.py
src/pygaps/calculations/models_isotherm/wvst.py
src/pygaps/classes/__init__.py
src/pygaps/classes/adsorbate.py
src/pygaps/classes/isotherm.py
src/pygaps/classes/material.py
src/pygaps/classes/modelisotherm.py
src/pygaps/classes/pointisotherm.py
src/pygaps/database/local.db
src/pygaps/graphing/__init__.py
src/pygaps/graphing/calcgraph.py
src/pygaps/graphing/iastgraphs.py
src/pygaps/graphing/isothermgraphs.py
src/pygaps/graphing/mpl_styles.py
src/pygaps/parsing/__init__.py
src/pygaps/parsing/csv_bel_parser.py
src/pygaps/parsing/csvinterface.py
src/pygaps/parsing/excel_bel_parser.py
src/pygaps/parsing/excel_mic_parser.py
src/pygaps/parsing/excelinterface.py
src/pygaps/parsing/isodb_interface.py
src/pygaps/parsing/jsoninterface.py
src/pygaps/parsing/sqliteinterface.py
src/pygaps/utilities/__init__.py
src/pygaps/utilities/coolprop_utilities.py
src/pygaps/utilities/exceptions.py
src/pygaps/utilities/folder_utilities.py
src/pygaps/utilities/hashgen.py
src/pygaps/utilities/isotherm_interpolator.py
src/pygaps/utilities/math_utilities.py
src/pygaps/utilities/python_utilities.py
src/pygaps/utilities/sqlite_db_creator.py
src/pygaps/utilities/sqlite_db_pragmas.py
src/pygaps/utilities/sqlite_utilities.py
src/pygaps/utilities/string_utilities.py
src/pygaps/utilities/unit_converter.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/conftest.py
tests/calculations/__init__.py
tests/calculations/conftest.py
tests/calculations/test_alpha_s.py
tests/calculations/test_area_bet.py
tests/calculations/test_area_langmuir.py
tests/calculations/test_dr_da_plots.py
tests/calculations/test_iast.py
tests/calculations/test_initial_enthalpy.py
tests/calculations/test_initial_henry.py
tests/calculations/test_isosteric_heat.py
tests/calculations/test_models_hk.py
tests/calculations/test_models_isotherm.py
tests/calculations/test_models_kelvin.py
tests/calculations/test_models_thickness.py
tests/calculations/test_psd.py
tests/calculations/test_t_plot.py
tests/calculations/isotherm_model_data/BET.txt
tests/calculations/isotherm_model_data/DA.txt
tests/calculations/isotherm_model_data/DR.txt
tests/calculations/isotherm_model_data/DSLangmuir.txt
tests/calculations/isotherm_model_data/FH-VST.txt
tests/calculations/isotherm_model_data/Freundlich.txt
tests/calculations/isotherm_model_data/GAB.txt
tests/calculations/isotherm_model_data/Henry.txt
tests/calculations/isotherm_model_data/Jensen-Seaton.txt
tests/calculations/isotherm_model_data/Langmuir.txt
tests/calculations/isotherm_model_data/Quadratic.txt
tests/calculations/isotherm_model_data/TSLangmuir.txt
tests/calculations/isotherm_model_data/TemkinApprox.txt
tests/calculations/isotherm_model_data/Toth.txt
tests/calculations/isotherm_model_data/Virial.txt
tests/calculations/isotherm_model_data/W-VST.txt
tests/classes/__init__.py
tests/classes/test_adsorbate.py
tests/classes/test_isotherm.py
tests/classes/test_material.py
tests/classes/test_modelisotherm.py
tests/classes/test_pointisotherm.py
tests/graphing/__init__.py
tests/graphing/test_calc_graphs.py
tests/graphing/test_iast_graphs.py
tests/graphing/test_iso_graphs.py
tests/parsing/__init__.py
tests/parsing/conftest.py
tests/parsing/test_bel.py
tests/parsing/test_csv.py
tests/parsing/test_excel.py
tests/parsing/test_isodb.py
tests/parsing/test_json.py
tests/parsing/test_sqlite_db.py
tests/utilities/__init__.py
tests/utilities/test_converter.py
tests/utilities/test_coolprop_interaction.py
tests/utilities/test_sqlite_utilities.py
tests/utilities/test_utilities.py
tests/utilities/tst/1.tst
tests/utilities/tst/2.tst